---
layout: page
title: Register
---

h2. Registration Fees

|_. Date of registration |_. Regular fee |_. Academic fee |_. Student fee |
| Early (July 11, 2016) | 8000 CZK | 6600 CZK | 5000 CZK |
| Late (September 19, 2016) | 9500 CZK | 8100 CZK | 6500 CZK |
| On-site | 11000 CZK | 9600 CZK | 8000 CZK|

Accompanying person fee: **800 CZK**

To give you better idea about prices in EUR, we suggest using "http://www.cnb.cz/en":http://www.cnb.cz/en (at present time 1 EUR » 27,02 CZK, 1 USD » 24,82 CZK).

p<>. Both undergraduate and graduate (that is, those doing MSc or PhD) students qualify for the student fee.

p<>. Employees of academic institutions and non-for-profit research institutions qualify for the academic fee.

**Early conference registration deadline: July 11, 2016**

**Late registration deadline: September 19, 2016**

**Registration fee** includes an attendance at the conference, Springer Verlag proceedings, conference package, conference dinner, refreshments during breaks, and use of conference facilities.

**Accompanying person fee** includes refreshments during breaks, conference dinner, and assistance with individual cultural events requests. **Attendance at the KESW 2016 scientific program and sessions is not covered.**

h2. Visa support

p<>. A valid passport is needed to enter the Czech Republic.

p<>. Citizens of most EU countries, US, Israel, and some other countries do not need a visa for short-term visits to the Czech Republic. Attendees from other countries will be provided invitation letters on request. More info can be found at the "Visa Support":{{ site.url }}/registration/visa page.

h2. Registration

p<>. Registration will be opened later