---
layout: page
title: Attending KESW 2016
---

h2. Student support

We encourage undergraduate and postgraduate students to apply for the conference registration fee waiver (aka "free registration"). The number of free registrations is limited (and yet unknown) and they will be distributed among the students with accepted papers on the first come first serve basis. To apply, send an email to the PC chair ("Pavel Klinov":mailto:pavel.klinov@uni-ulm.de). Please attach a letter from the supervisor to justify the need of funding to attend the conference.

Student support application deadline is the end of August 2014.

h2. Venue

p<>. KESW 2016 will be hosted on the campus of the "Czech Technical University in Prague":https://www.cvut.cz/en/ at Karlovo náměstí, Prague, Czech Republic. The venue features recently reconstructed halls in the Czech Technical University's historical complex near the city center.

More information on the "following page":/venue/.

h2. Travel information

h3. By plane

The easiest way to reach the conference venue is flying to the "Václav Havel Airport Prague":http://www.prg.aero/en/, located at the outskirts of Prague. Public transportation can then be used to reach the city center, see "here":http://www.dpp.cz/en/public-transit-to-prague-airport/, in about 30 minutes.

h3. By train

Prague can also be reached using international trains. The "central station is located directly in city center.

h2. Visa information

If necessary, the organizers are able to provide official invitation letters for already registered conference participants.

h3. EU and US citizens

EU and US citizens do not need visa to visit the Czech Republic. Citizens of the Schengen area are even not required to have passports to travel to the Czech Republic.

h3. Russian citizens

Russian citizens need visa in order to visit the Czech Republic. Short term visa ("Schengen visa") can be used to attend the conference. More information about visa support can be found at "http://www.mzv.cz/moscow/ru/index.html":http://www.mzv.cz/moscow/ru/index.html.

h3. Other non-EU and non-US citizens

Citizens of other states requiring visa to visit the Czech Republic, please consult the web of the "Czech Ministry of Foreign Affairs":http://www.mzv.cz/jnp/.

In order to request an official invitation letter, please, email the organizers.

To avoid uncertainty, participants are advised to apply for a visa as early as possible. In general, it is recommended that they apply for a Schengen visa at least 4 weeks in advance and no less than 15 days before travelling.

"List of Czech embassies/consulates abroad":https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_diplomatic_missions_of_the_Czech_Republic
