---
layout: page
title: Call for papers
---

p<>. The International Conference on Knowledge Engineering and Semantic Web (KESW) is an international event dedicated to discussing research results and directions in the areas related to Linked Data, knowledge representation and reasoning, and semantic technologies. Its aim is to bring together researchers, practitioners, and educators, in particular from the regions underrepresented at the major ISWC and ESWC conferences (e.g., Eastern and Northern Europe, ex­USSR, and the Middle East) topresent and share ideas related to the Semantic Web, and popularize the area in these regions.

bq. As usual, all technical sessions (keynotes, paper presentations, posters, etc.) will be held in English.

h3. RESEARCH AND INDUSTRY TRACK

p<>. The research track welcomes novel papers addressing theoretical, applied, and empirical aspects of research. Topics of interest include but are not limited to:

*Scalable Data Access*

* Question Answering
* Big Linked Data processing
* Natural­Language generation
* Benchmarks for Semantic Web Frameworks

*Ontologies and controlled vocabularies*

* Logical and philosophical foundations of ontology management
* Merging and alignment
* Modularity, collaborative engineering and exchange
* Using ontologies for modeling scientific knowledge

*Linked Data*

* Publishing and integrating
* Querying and consuming
* Linked Open Data

*Natural language processing and Semantic Web*

* Information extraction and content analysis
* Document clustering and classification
* Opinion mining and sentiment analysis
* Semantic-based information retrieval
* Controlled natural languages

*Knowledge representation and reasoning*

* Knowledge acquisition and management
* Knowledge graphs
* Theory of automated reasoning
* Practical algorithms and optimizations
* Applications

*Storage Solutions for the Semantic Web*

* RDF and other NoSQL databases for managing Linked Data
* Ontologies and databases
* Data integration
* Query answering

*Semantic technologies in industry* 

* Reports on experience of using semantic technologies in industry
* Challenges of practical deployments

*Other Topics (not limited to)* 

* Cognitive aspects of semantic technologies
* Human Computer Interaction
* Semantic Social Web
* Trust, security, and privacy
* Knowledge and data visualization

h3. OPEN SCIENCE AND EDUCATION TRACK

p<>. This year we welcome papers concerned with providing or exploiting open access to scientific and educational resources. Contributions which explain how semantic technologies facilitate these tasks are especially solicited but this is not a strict requirement. Topics include:

*Semantic Web and education*

* Opening and linking educational data
* Ontology models and semantic standards for educational data
* Visual analytics for educational resources represented using semantic technologies
* Teaching semantic technologies
* System descriptions and best practices in linked learning

*Open Science*

* Open Access to Scientific Publications
* Open Scientific Data
* Infrastructure for Open Scientific Data
* Open Research Methodology

h3. SYSTEM DESCRIPTIONS

p<>. We invite submissions which describe architecture, design, implementation, or experiments with existing systems which use semantic technologies. Preliminary reports describing research prototypes are welcome, too. The papers should explain how the use of semantic technologies helps to solve specific problems and/or is beneficial for the users. The authors will be given an opportunity to demonstrate their system during the poster and demo session at the conference.

h3. POSTERS AND POSITION PAPERS

p<>. In addition to oral paper presentations KESW 2016 encourages other forms of contributing to the conference, in particular, posters and position papers.

p<>. Posters is an opportunity to informally present your research approach and results during the poster session of the conference. It is great for discussing your research in free form with all attendants of the session. Lots of people will be stopping by your poster and you will have a chance to talk to them, explain what you are doing, and get feedback. Of course, the number of people who will stop depends on how well you design your poster!

p<>. Position papers are means of presenting preliminary research ideas or proposals. They are particularly suitable for early stage PhD students who would like to discuss their ideas and get feedback before they go deep developing them.

p<>. Submissions for both categories need to be 2 page abstracts describing the method and the results (for posters) or the preliminary ideas (position papers). Selected poster and position paper submissions will be allocated a short 5 minute talk slots during the conference.

h3. SUBMISSION

p<>. All authors will be required to pre-submit abstracts of their papers. Both papers and abstracts should be submitted via "EasyChair":https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=kesw2016.

*Size restrictions*

* Research, industry, and educational tracks: 15 pages including references.
* System description papers: 10 pages including references.
* Posters and position papers: 2 page abstract.

bq.  We strongly encourage all authors to prepare their submissions according to the "Springer LNCS":http://www.springer.com/computer/lncs/lncs+authors?SGWID=0-40209-0-0-0 format. This will be strictly enforced for all accepted papers. Contact Axel Ngonga (PC Chair) if this becomes a show stopper.

h3. IMPORTANT DATES

p<>.  All deadlines are for the Hawaii time zone.

*Full papers and system descriptions*

* Abstract submission: April 15th, 2016
* Full paper submission: April 22nd, 2016
* Author notification: June 17th, 2016
* Camera-ready submission: July 1st, 2016

*Posters and position papers*

* Accepted on a rolling basis (that is, submit when you feel like it but don't wait till late since we can close the page if we get too many).

h3. PROCEEDINGS

p<>. KESW proceedings are traditionally published in Springer's Communications in Computer and Information Science (CCIS) series. The papers will be abstracted/indexed by DBLP, Google Scholar, EI-Compendex, Mathematical Reviews, SCImago, and Scopus.

h3. PARTICIPATION

p<>. At least one of the authors of accepted papers has to register for the conference and present the paper there for it to be included in the proceedings.
